[Release] sdk/resourcemanager/cloudhealth/armcloudhealth/0.1.0 (#24720)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/resourcemanager/cloudhealth/armcloudhealth/README.md

Reviewer: please help refine the module name for this file, thanks

# Azure Cloud Health Module for Go

> The `armcloudhealth` module provides operations for working with Azure Cloudhealth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `armcloudhealth` module provides operations for working with Azure Cloud Health.
```
